Enhance documentation for UCX (#4024)
databrickslabs/ucx: docs/ucx/docs/gettingstarted/index.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

> Welcome to UCX — A Databricks Labs project for migrating to Databricks Unity Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to UCX — Unity Catalog Toolkit. UCX is developed and maintained by Databricks Labs with the purpose of streamlining Unity Catalog migrations and enhance Unity Catalog capabilities.
```

Follow the steps below to successfully install, run, and operate UCX.

---

## 📖 Table of Contents

1. [Installation](/docs/installation):
   Set up UCX and configure your environment for Unity Catalog migration.

2. [Running UCX](/docs/process):
   Learn how to start UCX and perform assessment or migration tasks.

3. [Reference](/docs/reference):

>    Explore the full list of reference for the UCX toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Explore the reference of UCX.
```
